Verifies arch in Dockerfile and polishes build (#51)
openzipkin/docker-java: README.md

[![Gitter chat](http://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-join%20chat%20%E2%86%92-brightgreen.svg)](https://gitter.im/openzipkin/zipkin)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/openzipkin/docker-java/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/openzipkin/docker-java/actions?query=workflow%3Atest)

> `ghcr.io/openzipkin/java` is a minimal OpenJDK [Alpine Linux](https://alpinelinux.org) image.

Author: ```suggestion
`ghcr.io/openzipkin/java` is a minimal OpenJDK [Alpine Linux](https://github.com/openzipkin/docker-alpine) image.
```
